Software Requirements Specifications (SRS)
for Contact Manager
Definitions, Abbreviations, and Acronyms
SMS	Short Message Service (Text message)

Functional Requirements
1.	Users should be allowed to view contacts
1.1	The system's default page should be a view of all contacts	 	vertically, starting in alphabetical order.
1.2 	Users can scroll down to see more contacts.
1.3	Users should no longer be able to scroll down at the end of 	the list.
1.4 	Users should no longer be able to scroll up at the top of 	the list. 
2.	Users should be able to click on a contact to open a prompt with options
2.1 	Users should be prompted to call, send SMS, edit, or delete 	contact that was clicked on.
2.2 	Users should be able to cancel from the prompt and return by 	clicking a "Cancel" button
3.	Default phone calling application should launch and call phone selected number if user chooses to call from prompt.
3.1 	Phone call is placed only once when the user clicks "Call"
3.2	Contact Management App is minimized while the user's 	default phone calling app runs over it. 
4.	Default SMS app should be launched with the selected phone number as the recipient.
4.1 	Contact Management App is minimized while the user's
	default texting app runs over it.
5.	Users should be able to edit a contact's phone number, name, or picture when "Edit" is clicked.
5.1	Two textboxes should be displayed with an editable string, 
	the first being name and the second being phone number.
5.2	Users should be able to click on any of these strings and 	edit.
5.3	An image view should be displayed of the contact's image and 	the user should be able to click on a "Change Picture" 	button. 
5.4	If user clicks on "Change Picture", a gallery of their 	images should be opened and they should be able to select the 	new photo.
5.5	When user selects a new photo after they choose to edit, it 	should return to the "Edit" page with the new photo as the 	contact image.
5.6	Users should be able to save their work by clicking a 	"Save" button which saves the changes and returns to the 	contact viewer.
5.7	The system should not allow users to enter letters in the 	phone number textbox and should prompt the user to enter a 	proper phone number before taking them back to the "Edit" 	page.
6.	Users should be able to delete a contact by clicking the "Delete" button after clicking on a name.
6.1	User should be prompted if they are sure they would like to 	delete the contact with "Yes" and "No" button.
6.2	If user clicks "Yes", delete the contact from the database 	and return to contact viewer.
6.3	If user clicks "No", return to the prompt that allows users 
	to call, text, edit, or delete.
7.	Users should be able to add other contacts to their list
7.1 	Users can add contacts by clicking an "Add Contact" button. 
7.2 	Users should be prompted for name & phone number of new 	contact.
7.3	The system should not allow the user to enter letters as a
	phone number, informing the user before returning to the 	prompt for name and phone number. 
7.4 	Users should be able to cancel and return to original page 	by clicking "Cancel".	
8.	Users shall be allowed to filter through their contacts using the search function.
8.1	The system shall allow the user to input numbers, letters,      
	Or symbols into the search bar.
8.2	The system shall display the contacts whose name contain	the Searched keyword while still being in alphabetical 	order.
8.3	The system shall display “no matches found” if no results 	were returned.
9. The “remove duplicates” function shall allow users to remove 		multiple contacts with the same information.
	9.1	The system will search and remove all contacts with both 			similar contact name and number.
	9.2	The system shall display located contacts and prompt user
		For removal.
	9.3 	The system shall notify the user If no duplicates were 			found.

10. The Black List should allow the user to choose which contacts to not receive their calls or texts.
10.1	The Black List will function as a group within the contact list.
10.2 The system will allow the user to add and remove contacts.
10.3 Blacklist will communicate with the phone and SMS apps to ensure notifications are redirected.

11. The system will allow for exporting and importing of contact        lists.
	11.1 The importing option will sync first and last names with the provided phone numbers automatically creating contacts.
	11.2 The exporting option will export the raw data ordered by first name, last name, and phone number.
	11.3 Users will be provided with an export one contact option to easily share via email or sms. 


Use Case Diagram:

 
